sep tember 21st 2010 five nothing this
is a disaster look it was the glass
again the sky is falling not on the
kinkajou confine removing to the
shelters the end of the world September
22nd 2010 least win four to one in your
face son plan a parade okay the three
can start on Bay Street March all the
way to Ottawa just to rub it in their
face dynasty in the making son the Leafs
first two preseason games proves
something I've always thought when you
ask a Leafs fan how they're doing it's
never yeah I'm fine it's either
everything is awesome and Gary Roberts
should be the mayor or everything is
horrible Ron Wilson should be fired
enough shouldn't be captain versteeg
made me fail my science test so before I
talk about the actual games themselves
let me just emphasize something it's the
preseason and when or lose it doesn't
really matter now just to be clear in
past videos I've said that it really
matters and it's true to the players
competing for roster spots minutes
potentially a contract as far as being a
team points in the standings making it
to the playoffs it doesn't matter you
could actually lose every preseason game
and win the Stanley Cup or you can do
amazing in the preseason and then
finished 29th in the league that sounds
familiar doesn't it leaves fans know
into happy things you like my new jersey
my favorite jerseys were from like the
Gilmore era when I was a kid and this is
like a better version of that but
finally on to the game's Leafs lose the
coke zero fans first game five to
nothing now I was doing a chat on leave
space live and fans weren't all over the
Leafs after the game when they lost five
nothing it was like first intermission
when it was to nothing the Leafs haven't
been to the playoffs since 2004 so you
can understand why fans would be a
little yeah and to their point the Leafs
did get dominated leaves plus-minus
leader Carl Gunnarsson was a team worst
minus three enough got burned a few
times most notably by Nick Foligno who
by the way even in the second game was
looking amazing for the sentence and
maybe the most glaring point of the game
the power play was a horrendous old 48
and Nazem Kadri competing for a roster
spot led the team with almost 10 minutes
of power play ice time and Nazim's
defense the other team leaders in that
department versteeg kaberle armstrong
infant of all played eight and up
minutes on the power play power play
just stunk when you're talking about
special teams chemistry is so key and
these guys have none yet you look at the
five guys I just mentioned for example
the two that played together the most
we're for nothing Kaberle and they
played together for like what a quarter
of a season but that being said some of
the younger guy
the lineup like Kadri like Mueller liked
amigo they all had to get better in the
preseason your chances to impress are so
few and I'm not sure any of those three
really showed that they deserve a spot
on the roster yet now enter the second
game way better roster up front
particularly the top line of Kulemin
Bozak and castle by the way I don't know
if you guys heard this great quote by
Mike Komisarek but he said tyler bozak
and Kessel were so inseparable that he
started calling him Bert and Ernie Bert
surely be in your sooner Bert and I like
when you pass to me Ernie ah but if
they're Bert and Ernie what does that
make Kulemin looking away from offense
for a little bit the Leafs goaltending
in game two was great and you know
despite the result I thought Gustafson
and Ryan is actually did pretty well in
Game one but James Reimer for a little
over the first half of the game and then
Ben Scrivens really held down the fort
for Toronto James Reimer spot on the
Marley's is pretty safe it's just a
matter of will he be the starter or the
back up one of the AHL best goalies when
he was healthy last year Ben Scrivens on
the other hand battling for a spot on
the Marley's or he could be sent down to
reading of the ECHL obviously nothing
wrong with that James Reimer one ECHL
playoff MVP just a couple years ago and
I'm about to say something I haven't
been able to save for quite some time
the leaves have goaltending duh what was
that word at a depth highlight of the
game for me anyway lessard comes flying
in Komisarek checks him right between
the benches right onto Pierre McGuire
heads up as he's getting up who did that
cold Margo's I beg your pardon lessard
nothing mr. hora I'm just gonna give him
the bench Phil Kessel scores his first
of the preseason squeaken1 five hole on
Brian Elliott the guy's got one of the
quickest releases in the league 2009
second-round draft pick for the Leafs
and defenseman Jesse blacker gets to
assist get to know this guy Burke says
he's going to be a top four defensemen
someday robots key and Kessel for that
matter looked a lot faster out there and
maybe the most impressive player in the
game also a goal scorer was pretty much
my new favorite son Luca Caputi looking
big looking strong out there and showing
a scoring touch so what did we learn
from the first two games some guys are
already looking a lot better than they
did last year but was such a new team
chemistry looks like it could be an
issue and the story doesn't change from
the preseason there's still a ton of
pressure on the young guys because they
have so few opportunities to prove
themselves but the least I've only
played two preseason games so far and
there's nine of them so I yeah they'll
get a few more chances so let me know do
you guys have any opinions I'm just
kidding I know you do you watch hockey
give me a text or video
response add me to leave space Facebook
and Twitter and I'll see you later